Good day, I have joy
a big courier called me an ems and
told me that I got the address
package wrapped this should be phone lenovo
a789 well, well, what is most interesting
the cost of this phone and 90 96 17
dollars it comes with discounts from
coupons with aliexpress but the seller
pointed out that this is an ebook reader with a price
200 dollars and of course it's not true but
does not take into account the question I wonder why
show price higher than it is on
really so well packed them
corrections came to me for probably 6
days now look at the phone itself that
maybe some buns are not the seller
still put
how is he packing very well straight so
plastic press pimples like china
post
oh you broke something I'm not here ferry though
the packaging is so scary but nonetheless
came to the blues you did and sometimes can
to do
this scotch got here already boring
and oh god already forgot what we could
send as nothing else that we have
protective film how to glue me
I will definitely make a video
some don't know how to glue safely
waste paper all sorts with but here he is
he himself is a telly 45 inches
bright 3066 pray 400 that is how would
sufficiently productive enough
500 512 megabytes of RAM 4 gigabytes
internal memory something small
dirty
nothing rubs so here let's close
such a box by the way corrugated straight
very nice to put the battery
Insert two SIM cards under micro sd
5 megapixel card camera like this
cheholchik
interesting comfortable about
an adapter invested in aliexpress not
first put an adapter
one battery on ethics and immediately put
turn on the way the film is already pasted
even this is not appreciated not
shipping normal film
and ps screen that should be very good
so cable
charging itself charging lenovo on Ali
the era of buttons and headsets to 4 which is
4 pins or less this is all
we have already loaded the phone enough
shastrenko quick straight to me very
like in terms of my iphone 4s
of course the difference is generally great
there seems to be no inversion ps
let's see what we have here for
android is worth setting so
language settings first thing on
Russian Russian there are no interests there
Russian is wonderful I am very direct to this
glad and from the phone
404 version of lenovo 800
version build number from 12 1120 what is it
maybe there will be no update
Here is such a phone nice nice
I really like waiting here for a video
I will definitely review later
a couple of days because I have a review now
there will be wi-fi
antennas who saw my who watches my
the channel is here in the course Wi fi antenki
also this phone i will use
on its second video channel Finnish
called channel this is and games on android
devices and since my tablet doesn't
very powerful while waiting for the tablet then
I will present some games path
here on this phone so look
subscribe to my video channel and
put your finger up comment I'm
I will answer you for sure
tell everything you want me
I'll tell you thanks bye
Sergei was with you